Highlight the "prompt generator" component (#39)
greenelab/manubot-gpt-manuscript: content/01.abstract.md

## Abstract {.page_break_before}

In this work, we investigate how models with advanced natural language processing capabilities can be used to reduce the time-consuming process of writing and revising scholarly manuscripts.
To this end, we integrate large language models into the Manubot publishing ecosystem to suggest revisions for scholarly text.

> Our AI-based revision workflow uses a prompt generator that pulls metadata from the manuscript to generate section-specific instructions for the language model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our AI-based revision workflow uses a prompt generator that integrates metadata from the manuscript into prompt templates to generate section-specific instructions for the language model.
```

Then, the model generates a revised version of each paragraph that the human author can review.
We tested our AI-based revision workflow in three case studies of existing manuscripts, including the present one.
Our results suggest that these models can capture the concepts in the scholarly text and produce high-quality revisions that improve clarity.

> Since all changes to the manuscript are tracked using a version control system (GitHub), the tool provides a transparent way to document the use of AI models in academic writing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All changes to the manuscript are tracked using a version control system, providing transparency into the human or machine origin of text.
```
